Add info about DECODE_MULTIPART_DATA property (#2590)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/use-cases/examples/endpoint_examples/mtom-swa-with-endpoints.md

Micro Integrator can identify the past information (by checking the local message property) about the current message context,
and use this knowledge to transfer the response back to the client
in the same format as the original request.  

!!! Note

>     In a content aware mediation scenario (where message get build), you can use the following property to decode the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In a content aware mediation scenario (where the message gets built), you can use the following property to decode the 
```

>     multipart message which is being sent to the backend. Otherwise, the outgoing message will be in encoded form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    multipart message that is being sent to the backend. Otherwise, the outgoing message will be in encoded form.
```
